Hi Krisite, 

I think I have addressed all of issues you mentioned: 

For coverage report
1: The coverage report seems to be utilizing the exome+UTR capture kit bed instead of a whole genome one (based on the number of capture kit bases covered).
I have changed the code and use “Homo_sapiens_assembly38.bed” for calculation. As a result 2 different bed files will be used for our COVID project
a)	CDS Reference:  /data/COVID_WGS/lix33/DCEG/CGF/Bioinformatics/Production/data/CDS/v38/BedFileForRef38_CCDS.MergedOverlap.Brief.bed
b)	Normal Capture kit: /data/COVID_WGS/lix33/DCEG/CGF/Bioinformatics/Production/data/ref38/Homo_sapiens_assembly38.bed

2: Also, can you explain how the %Merge Dup and % Merge Optical Dup columns are calculated?
Please ignore this column.  I just checked the code, the original code is out of date: the matrix and caption fields are inconsistent. These %Merge Dup and % Merge Optical Dup are never be calculated. 
I have updated the caption fields. 

3: Is the “CaptureKit Average Coverage” column intentionally blank?
Same as before: the original code is out of date: the matrix and caption fields are inconsistent. I have updated the caption fields. 

For pre-calling qc report
1: I don’t think column Q should be all zeros
Yes, I find the logic of the calculation is incorrect in original code. I have updated the code. 

2: the values for columns V through AA don’t make sense
Same as before: the original code is out of date: the matrix and caption fields are inconsistent. I have updated the caption fields. 

3: Also, the last two columns have values but are missing headers…
Same as before: the original code is out of date: the matrix and caption fields are inconsistent. I have updated the caption fields. 

I also added some parallel computing features in the code. 
I have submit jobs to redo these 2 reports and will notify you once everything is all set.
